Frozen has great animation, an excelent story, emotions in it, great songs and score not to forget and it has lovely characters with two sisters.

Madagascar is a movie produced by Dreamworks, who undoubtedly achieved the perfect fusion between 3D animation and comedy, deriving as a final product a film for all audiences full of funny moments, moving music and really good animation for 2005.

I'm no critic, but Coco is close to movie perfection. It definitely deserved the Oscar for Best Animated Feature, no doubt, and is by far the best animated movie ever created.

The Incredibles is a great film, and probably my favourite Pixar picture (Toy Story is the best, but that's different to favourite). It takes a while to properly get into the action, but when it does, it delivers it in spades.

'Finding Nemo' to me has always been one of Pixar's best, colourful, imaginative, hilarious and poignant with great characters (who cannot love Bruce the shark, plus Dory speaking whale is one of Pixar's funniest moments).

I watched the movie long time ago, and I've just rewatched it today. For kids it will be a funny movie with no meaning maybe!! But for an adult, its so true!!

Y'know, I always suspected that my toys were coming to life when I wasn't looking! That's where toy story gave a moment of light to my suspected imagination.

Beauty and the Beast is an engaging movie with so much care and beauty fused into its core. Beauty is much more than just an influential animated classic. It is a grand and powerful fable, sugar coated with the best animation effort in a time

The Jungle Book is a live-action/CGI fantasy film that retells the story of Mowgli, an orphaned human boy who, guided by his animal guardians, sets out on a journey of self-discovery while evading the threatening Shere Khan.

Elemental has several obvious glaring problems. For one thing, the attempt to make the elements' differences an overt metaphor for race/culture is shallow and misplaced at best most of the time.

Turning Red features a predominantly East Asian cast and is about the growing pains that come for a young adolescent and her mother - oh, the things that come between them are about as building busting as the love that invariably keeps them together.

Nice movie, not the best Pixar movie, but I really enjoyed watching it. Merida was a good character. Her relationship with her mother was excellent. The message of the film was excellent.

